# Meeting Minutes H-Team 05-March-2023

Team meeting held online on Discord.

Meeting time 03:15 PM - 05:15 PM

# Attendees
- Majid Khan Burki
- Adi
- Sumrish Hanif
- Heshani
- Mehadi

## Meeting Minutes Bullets

- The main agenda of the meeting was GitFlow processes and Database finalisation.
- Team agreed on the pull request processes that all team members need to comment approved before merging any PR in the master.
- Team agreed to follow a process that before creating PR, every one should test there specific branch on [Code Sandbox](https://codesandbox.io/), so a runtime verifcation will also be done that code is working properly and the link to codesandbox should be mentioned in the respective kanboard ticket.
- **Adi** took the lead and explained regarding the git rebase and git revert by generating various scenerios and practically showing through Command Prompt.
- Moving further **Adi** explained the flow of logging commits.
- Team agreed regarding the conflicts resolution explaind by **Adi**.
- Team agreed on the templets for **Features** and **Bugs** 
- Technical discussion held regarding Database schema for Quiz and Quiz Items class.
- Team discussed two different approaches and everybody agreed on the one approach.
- **Majid** go through the Database schema for user and team agreed upon it.
